README.md, before:

# URN "thread" Registry README

This public Git repository contains the registry for [Uniform Resource Names (URNs)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8141.html) managed by [Thread Group, Inc.](https://www.threadgroup.org/). 
All URNs of the form "urn:thread:...." are in scope of this registry. The namespace identifier (NID) is "thread".

## Registry
[registry.md](registry.md) contains the registered entries and examples of use. This document is under change control by the Technical Committee of the Thread Group.

## Versioning
The registry is versioned in lockstep with the Thread Specification version. Editorial updates may be applied at any time and are versioned using Git commits in this repository.

## IANA Registration
Registration of the "thread" URN namespace has been requested (using [this template](urn-registration-v1.txt)) in 2024. Once approved, the entry will appear in the [IANA Uniform Resource Names (URN) Namespaces registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/urn-namespaces/urn-namespaces.xhtml).

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for conditions that apply to the use of the information in this registry.

Commit message:

README updated to note the IANA registration made.

README.md, after:

# URN "thread" Registry README

This public Git repository contains the registry for [Uniform Resource Names (URNs)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8141.html) managed by [Thread Group, Inc.](https://www.threadgroup.org/). 
All URNs of the form "urn:thread:...." are in scope of this registry. The namespace identifier (NID) is "thread".

## Registry
[registry.md](registry.md) contains the registered entries and examples of use. This document is under change control by the Technical Committee of the Thread Group.

## Versioning
The registry is versioned in lockstep with the Thread Specification version. Editorial updates may be applied at any time and are versioned using Git commits in this repository.

## IANA Registration
The registration of the "thread" URN namespace was made by IANA (using [this template](urn-registration-v1.txt)) in December 2024. See the [IANA Uniform Resource Names (URN) Namespaces registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/urn-namespaces/urn-namespaces.xhtml).

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for conditions that apply to the use of the information in this registry.
